ID: 6, Description: The applicant named XXXX has household income 20130. The applicant requested for 100 childcare hours subsidy.The housing situation is temporary shelter. The partner is also employed. Recent municipal support includes for that person is listed: food aid. 
ID: 7, Description: The applicant named XXXX has household income 20130. The applicant requested for 62 childcare hours subsidy.The housing situation is temporary shelter. The partner is also employed. Recent municipal support includes for that person is listed: food aid. The application has incomplete documents. 
ID: 8, Description: The applicant named XXXX has household income 22287. The applicant requested for 71 childcare hours subsidy.The housing situation is rental. The partner is also employed. Recent municipal support includes for that person is listed: housing benefit, food aid. The application has incomplete documents. 
ID: 9, Description: The applicant named XXXX has household income 22287. The applicant requested for 83 childcare hours subsidy.The housing situation is rental. The partner is also employed. Recent municipal support includes for that person is listed: housing benefit, food aid. 
ID: 10, Description: The applicant named XXXX has household income 22287. The applicant requested for 48 childcare hours subsidy.The housing situation is rental. The partner is also employed. Recent municipal support includes for that person is listed: housing benefit, food aid. The application has incomplete documents. 
ID: 11, Description: The applicant named XXXX has household income 22287. The applicant requested for 44 childcare hours subsidy.The housing situation is rental. The partner is also employed. Recent municipal support includes for that person is listed: housing benefit, food aid. 
ID: 13, Description: The applicant named XXXX has household income 40585. The applicant requested for 104 childcare hours subsidy.The housing situation is owned. Recent municipal support includes for that person is listed: housing benefit, food aid. The application has incomplete documents. 
ID: 14, Description: The applicant named XXXX has household income 40585. The applicant requested for 42 childcare hours subsidy.The housing situation is owned. Recent municipal support includes for that person is listed: housing benefit, food aid. The application has incomplete documents. 
ID: 16, Description: The applicant named XXXX has household income 23952. The applicant requested for 82 childcare hours subsidy.The housing situation is municipal housing. Recent municipal support includes for that person is listed: housing benefit. The application has incomplete documents. 
ID: 17, Description: The applicant named XXXX has household income 23952. The applicant requested for 137 childcare hours subsidy.The housing situation is municipal housing. Recent municipal support includes for that person is listed: housing benefit. 
ID: 18, Description: The applicant named XXXX has household income 44269. The applicant requested for 62 childcare hours subsidy.The housing situation is rental. The partner is also employed. Recent municipal support includes for that person is listed: food aid. The application has incomplete documents. 
